Li Feng, are you getting more and more capable?
Divorce my daughter as soon as possible
Isn't it just for you to do some housework?
Is it wrong to honor the elderly? Do you know what you are talking about?
And how are you going to serve me?
Divorce is not eligible
Xia Yiqiu, touch your own conscience
Would your salary have been this high if you hadn't recorded me?
I am willing to be a door-to-door son-in-law for love
Take care of everything at home
But what the hell have you done to me all these years?
What's the noise?
Are you still letting people sleep?
Then my family treats you badly?
OK
Not average good
Let me cook three meals a day
I will also be back from the company at noon
Even if I work overtime at night, I have to come back to cook, wash dishes and clean the room
You are really nice to me.
You make some food for your parents
So wronged
Elderly Supervisory Bureau This old man deserves to be a school uniform home
Forget about not working
They took my pay card
What is this old man
Brother Li, be polite
I'm welcome, your mother
Waste waste is that you have 27 people at home all day long to eat and wait to die
Can't you take care of yourself?
Let me serve you
You are fucking courting death
You put it down
Put down your fucking touch and I'll make you disabled